OK.
So because when it's out of surface, I hope we were able to actually get the color or at least be able
to change the background color for a symbol.
If you have a Silver Surfer, you find the color argumento color parameter there.
OK, so after shape, which is here, really, I can just go say comma and say color.
And in this case, here I have a color I found on the internet.
The Hex code for it, and I'm just going to go ahead and pass here.
OK, it's very simple.
So first, we start with by saying zero x to say this is a hex color and then f f and then I'm going
to just start typing e 9d and then seven f the seven f seven.
I believe that's the color get.
All right, there we go.
And can see in the gutter here it shows the color.
If you click here, of course, you can change the color from here as well.
That's really, really neat.
So once you add a color, you can always come to the got it here and click and play with that color.
All right, let's go ahead and refresh real quick.
We should see the change.
And there you go.
Looks we'll get.
OK, so now let's go back to our column, so this is where we are going to focus on adding these two
texts, really.
So the total per person and then where we will have the total amount.
So it is going to be in a column because we said this structure here is top to bottom.
Everything is a line from top to bottom right.
One after the other.
So a column would work.
OK, so let's go ahead and start putting text here.
For now, I'm just going to say total poor person.
Copy that text.
And this is going to be.
I always say it's nice to put the named arguments.
It's always a good idea, I say text again like that and this one, I'm going to say.
1:34.
OK.
Let's go ahead and take a look.
And you can see it's very small, but there it is.
I can see some historical person, but it's not necessarily where we want it to be because we want this
to be in the middle of the screen.
How do we do that inside of our column?
Here, we can specify the horizontal alignment, as well as the vertical arrangement.
And there's a difference in naming here.
So we've got to be very mindful of that.
But before we do that, we need to pass.
We could if we wanted to pass a modifier because modifiers always usually the first argument to pass
and order is very important.
So let's start with the modifier, and I want just to say padding all around inside here.
I just want to give about 12 dpi.
All right.
So once I have that, let's move on to say horizontal lines or typing alignment.
When you say alignment and I want this to be horizontally center horizontally like that.
And also, I want a vertical arrangement.
Notice the naming here is different.
It's not again, alignment now is arrangement because we are arranging things vertically.
OK, now I want this to be.
Centre as such, so if I refresh now, we should make sure or should see, hopefully the tax is going
to be in the middle, all of the text, which are the contents inside of our column.
This should all be in the middle.
Of the top header.
And there you have it.
He looks really good.
It's in the middle there.
The next thing we want to do is, of course, do some styling, you know, attacks here.
Well, we can go inside of each one of them.
In this case, the text, the first one that says tomorrow, horrible person, and we can do a few things.
He is aware of what a comma next.
If you have over again, if whenever you are in doubt, you can hover over to see what arguments we
can pass.
So there's a lot of things you can pass.
Font size, one style and so forth.
Now again, we can also pass if I say, for instance, style.
Of course, that is one of the parameters or arguments in this case.
I can say text style and start passing all of these parameters arguments in cytotec style.
Or if I want to facilitate my life and I want to use the material, I want to use the theme of this
app.
I can see material like this and get the theme object there and say, Dad.
And we say colors, and I can choose all these different colors if I want to.
Or I can just see that typography and get different typography, sizes and style he can see to the right
here.
These are indeed textiles.
So it's very helpful.
OK, now in this case, I would just want this to be a little bit larger.
So maybe H4 can.
We can always come and change, of course.
And then for the next one, make maybe this H5 and for the next one here, I'm going to say style again.
Passing a material theme and typography and age four, so a little bit larger than the previous one.
Let's refresh.
OK.
It looks really good.
Very similar to what we have here.
One thing you notice is that this.
Tax here is bolder than the previous one, right?
So we can still work on this.
There's nothing that is that will hinder us from doing that so I can come afterwards.
I can say, for instance, font weight, right, and say font weight, or I can just go ahead and start
typing.
Bold writing can see now it's going to go and get the variables.
Don't go ahead and get these variables here.
Bold, extra bold, let's use extra bold as such.
Now if you refresh, you can see that you will see hopefully in a second here the changes.
There we go on in 34 looks way, way better, just like these.
What do we have here?
So simply, you can see how easy it is really to build user interface is using with compose.
And the beauty of what we did here, which is to organize or to look at our app, the overall application
in smaller chunks.
It's really helpful because if you are starting and you look at something like this, I know this is
a very simple.
It's a very simple application, but you can imagine how daunting that could be because you look at
it all of this and you're thinking, Oh my goodness, there's a lot of work to do here.
Yes, there is.
But if you split things into smaller chunks, it's manageable and easier and you feel like you are making
progress as you build these smaller chunks.
You'll notice that obviously this price here, this I should say this number, this amount will change
dynamically, and we go back to the idea of what composable functions do.
The idea is that they were kind of reactive to the data they receive, right?
They get data and they they know, OK, how am I going to draw myself to to show this data that I'm
receiving, right?
So that tells us that then this top header here, we should pass that data because this is going to
be called somewhere we don't know, and we need to pass the data, which is going to be this amount
which is going to be calculated by somebody or some other function that we don't know and displayed
here, right?
All this function will now this compose or function will now is that I need some data.
I don't know who is going to give it to me.
I don't know where it's going to come from.
I don't know how to calculate whatever results from that data.
All I need is just that information.
The piece of data.
So here I'm going to create put a total per per per person like this and it's going to be a double.
And because I want it to still be able to see the preview, I'm going to set it to, you know, zero
zero, right?
This is default argument.
All right, now, I'm going to call this somewhere.
Recall that inside here.
OK, let's go ahead and refresh.
All right, there you go, we see who have zero.
Now we're going to hand the dollar sign like this, and that should probably make it look better.
Like that now, if you look at our number here, we have two decimal digits there, so how do we do
that?
Well, we can use the power of cuddling here and format this number that when it comes in so that we
have two decimal digits there.
OK.
So to facilitate everything, I'm just going to create a foul here called Toro, and it's going to be
I'm going to pass here this very strange looking code, if you will.
So what are we doing here?
I'm going to put a percentage in put that to F. So what we're doing here is that then we're going to
invoke the format.
Function, right and pass.
Of course, in this case, our total per person value.
So what are we doing here is that when we get this total per person value, we're going to format it
so that it has two decimal digit, I should say.
Let's actually change this two hundred and thirty three zero, which you'd call total here, and we
should solve the problem.
We should see one three four nine zero zero.
And there you have it.
Small things, but they do matter.
All right.
So we're making good progress.
In fact, I would argue that we are done with our top header as it is right now.
So now that we have a top header, it's all done.
We can actually call it in our content inside of our my app, right?
So I can get rid of this top top header and we don't have to pass anything because we have a default
value there of double.
And this point we could run on our emulator if you wanted to.
I set up my phone here, so I'm going to go ahead and run if you want.
You can run that, of course, on on the on an emulator that comes with Android.
But I have my phone that is connected and there you have it.
This is actually running on my phone right now.
OK.
So it's looking real good.
Of course, we will put all of this together and make it look even better with other components or other
composable functions there.
But at least he can see things are working fine.